Apple iPhone 13 Pro Max 128GB Unlocked - Excellent
Comment 1: Used this seller before. Very happy with the purchase. Phone is almost a 10 some minor minor scratches. One area on the screen and after I put a glass protector on it looks perfect. Phone reports repair of camera and display. Says reported to apple with genuine Apple components. Pricing was reasonable and seems to function flawlessly. Battery capacity shows 90%. Super fast shipping. The 13 pro max is maybe the best model ever produced if you research it. One thing I like is physical sim and esim
Comment 2: This phone came in very quickly, and looks almost brand new! There are some very very very minor scuffs around the corners of the phone and the screen is almost flawless with just 2 microscopic scratches my husband can’t even see. It’s unlocked like stated, and was a breeze to get working. Battery health is 88%. It’s not the best but it’s better than my old phone. 
Comment 3: Dont hesistate to buy this product, Iphone 13 pm came in excellent condition with one tiny insignificant chip on top of phone which i only noticed underneath direct light at a certain angle (which doesn't matter because of using a case) Battery health was at an excellent 96%. IMEI checks out and overall im very satisfied as this was my first refurbished Iphone purchased on ebay and not through apples overpriced program. Thank you to the seller. 
Comment 4: Item is correctly described item arrived in eco-friendly packaging seller very professional sent email indicating when he was shipping the item with a tracking number item arrived ahead of schedule then anticipated date this seller is extremely professional recommend buying items from this seller
Comment 5: Item was described perfectly. Was shipped the same day. Arrived in 2 days. Perfectly packaged  Highly recommend the seller. 
Comment 6: Got my item quickly, seller shipped it out the same day and the phone came just as described.  I absolutely love it and it was packaged well. Definitely recommend seller!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

